[SERF-1710] Metrics and logs for Kafka client (#42)
scribd/go-sdk: README.md

| Cert PEM Key             | Client's private key string (PEM format) used for authentication  | `cert_pem_key`             | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_CERT_PEM_KEY`             | string       | long PEM key string (deprecated)                      |
| Security Protocol        | Protocol used to communicate with brokers                         | `security_protocol`        | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_SECURITY_PROTOCOL`        | string       | plaintext, ssl, sasl_plaintext, sasl_ssl (deprecated) |
| SSL verification enabled | Enable OpenSSL's builtin broker (server) certificate verification | `ssl_verification_enabled` | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_SSL_VERIFICATION_ENABLED` | bool         | true, false (deprecated)                              |

> | Enable Metrics           | Enable publishing metrics for Kafka client broker connection      | `metrics_enabled`          | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_METRICS_ENABLED`          | bool         | true, false                                           |

Reviewer: Nit suggestion:k

```suggestion
| Enable Metrics           | Enable publishing metrics for Kafka client broker connection      | `metrics_enabled`          | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_BROKER_METRICS_ENABLED`          | bool         | true, false                                           |
```

Maybe adding `BROKER` makes it more clear what this setting is about? 🤔

Author: @fotos We don't have `broker` related configuration section atm, and I don't think we need it. We will adjust it in the future if we need one.

Reviewer: Sounds good.

| Topic          | Topic name                                                                                                                      | `topic`           | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_PUBLISHER_TOPIC`           | string | topic           |
| Enable Metrics | Enable publishing metrics for Kafka producer                                                                                    | `metrics_enabled` | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_PUBLISHER_METRICS_ENABLED` | bool   | true, false     |

**Subscriber**:

| Setting        | Description                                                                            | YAML variable     | Environment variable (ENV)                    | Type   | Possible Values |
|----------------|----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|-------------------|-----------------------------------------------|--------|-----------------|
| Topic          | Topic name                                                                             | `topic`           | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_SUBSCRIBER_TOPIC`           | string | topic           |

> | Group ID       | Client group id string. All clients sharing the same group.id belong to the same group | `group_id`        | `APP_PUBSUB_KAFKA_SUBSCRIBER_GROUP_ID`        | string | service-name    |

Reviewer 2: > All clients sharing the same group.id belong to the same group

I'm not sure I understand this sentence. Did you mean `All clients are sharing the same group. Id belongs to...`?

Author: @terranisu I it taken from [the librdkafka documentation](https://github.com/edenhill/librdkafka/blob/master/CONFIGURATION.md)

Reviewer 2: oh, I see now. The dot in `group.id` is what confused me. Can we remove it then? In the official documentation, the dot is part of the name of the parameter `group.id` so it's clear why we have `group.id` in the description. In our case, we don't need that dot, right?

Author: @terranisu I have removed `.`

reading about them on [the AWS developer
blog](https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/developer/v2-aws-sdk-for-go-adds-context-to-api-operations).

### PubSub instrumentation and logging

#### Kafka

> `go-sdk` provides a flexible way to instrument Kafka client by providing a logging, tracing and sending metrics to
> DataDog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`go-sdk` provides a flexible way to instrument the Kafka client with logging, tracing and metrics capabilities.
```

As far as I can see this PR does not add anything DataDog specific. It users the SDK logger and metrics capabilities which (gladly) abstract away the underlying destination.

> [franz-go](https://github.com/twmb/franz-go/) Kafka client library is wrapped by the `go-sdk` and traces calls to Kafka.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [franz-go](https://github.com/twmb/franz-go/) Kafka client library is wrapped by the `go-sdk` and traces calls to Kafka.
```

> For logging, `go-sdk` provides [franz-go compatible](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo#WithLogger) logger which is basically a plugin

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
For logging, `go-sdk` provides a [franz-go compatible](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo#WithLogger) logger which is basically a plugin
```

around the SDK's `logger.Logger` interface. This logger will print `franz-go` log stubs depending on a configured log level.

```go
import (
    "github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo"

    sdkkafkalogger "github.com/scribd/go-sdk/pkg/logger/kafka"
)

func main() {
    kafkaClientOpts := []kgo.Opt{
        kgo.WithLogger(
            sdkkafkalogger.NewKafkaLogger(
                logger,
                sdkkafkalogger.WithLevel(sdklogger.Level(config.Logger.ConsoleLevel)),
            ),
        ),
    }
}
```

> For metrics, `go-sdk` provides `franz-go` plugin to publish metrics to the DataDog via DogStatsd. It is implemented as
> [hooks](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo#WithHooks). Metrics split into three categories: `broker`, `producer` and `consumer`.

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
For metrics, `go-sdk` provides a `franz-go` plugin to publish metrics to DataDog via DogStatsd. It is implemented
as a [hook](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo#WithHooks). Metrics are split into three categories: `broker`, `producer` and `consumer`.
```

#{service_name}.kafka_client.producer.records_buffered
#{service_name}.kafka_client.producer.produce_bytes_uncompressed_total{node="#{node}",topic="#{topic}",partition="#{partition}"}
#{service_name}.kafka_client.producer.produce_bytes_compressed_total{node="#{node}",topic="#{topic}",partition="#{partition}"}
```

**Consumer metrics**

Consumer metrics represent a set of metrics around the consumer. If enabled, the following metrics will be published:

```
count metrics
#{service_name}.kafka_client.consumer.records_unbuffered
#{service_name}.kafka_client.consumer.records_buffered
#{service_name}.kafka_client.consumer.fetch_bytes_uncompressed_total{node="#{node}",topic="#{topic}",partition="#{partition}"}
#{service_name}.kafka_client.consumer.fetch_bytes_compressed_total{node="#{node}",topic="#{topic}",partition="#{partition}"}
```

By default, all metrics will be published without sampling (rate `1.0`). The client can specify the sampling rate per
metric type and/or per metric name:

```go
import (
    "github.com/twmb/franz-go/pkg/kgo"

    sdkkafkamertics "github.com/scribd/go-sdk/pkg/metrics/kafka"
)

func main() {
    kafkaClientOpts := []kgo.Opt{

> 		// no sampling rate specified

Reviewer: nit: something is off with indentation… probably tabs VS spaces.
